# cangaroo
This package provides a set of particle effects and animations based on pure javascript. You can use and edit them
as you like. However, please credit the author if you use this library for public/commercial projects. Donations are welcome,
too.

If you would like to contribute to this package, please get in contact with us.

# Quickstart

Taken that you have [node installed](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm) on your system, you can launch the app by executing this command
```node app.js```
and opening the project by calling http://localhost:3000

### Optional: Change Port

If the selected port (3000) is already allocated in your system, you can change the specified port in the file `/app.js`:
<code>
app.listen(3000, () => {
  console.log("Server is listening on port 3000");
});
</code>


## Build and Run Testing Environment (Docker)
This bundle also comes with a Dockerfile to build a node.js Webserver as a test environment in one go.

In order to use the docker container, you have to build it first. You can do so by executing this command from the root directory of this repository:

```docker build . -t chameleon```

This will create and build the application container and name the resulting image "chameleon"

Afterwards, use this command: 

```docker run -p 3000:3000 -v $(pwd)/public:/app/public chameleon```

Afterwards, you should be able to test this project in your web browser by calling http://localhost:3000

NOTE: By providing the -v Parameter, the `public`-Folder (containing scripts and styles) will be mounted into the Docker container instead of copying its contents. By doing so, you can edit the source files and all applied changes will immediately be present in the Docker environment.

By executing `docker exec -it <CONTAINER NAME>` you can log into the container.

# Change Apache2 VHost - Settings to serve static html-content pages generated by the SSR module:

```
    RewriteEngine on

    <Directory /var/www/photo.kodal.de/chameleon/public/album>
        RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-d
        RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME}\.html -f
        RewriteRule ^(.*)$ $1.html [NC,L]
    </Directory>
```

This is necessary to access albums and images without the .html - extension.
